A successful lawsuit is the one worn by a policeman. - Robert Frost
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving. - Albert Einstein
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - Albert Einstein
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. - Albert Einstein
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. - Albert Einstein
I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing. - Albert Einstein
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. - Albert Einstein
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. - Albert Einstein
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
I speak to everyone in the same way, whether he is the garbage man or the president of the university. - Albert Einstein
Never memorize something that you can look up. - Albert Einstein
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
Information is not knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. - Albert Einstein
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be changed without changing our thinking. - Albert Einstein
Once you stop learning, you start dying. - Albert Einstein
Black holes are where God divided by zero. - Albert Einstein
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones. - Albert Einstein
You never fail until you stop trying. - Albert Einstein
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts. - Albert Einstein
Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be. - Albert Einstein
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas. - Albert Einstein
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
Most people say that it is the intellect which makes a great scientist. They are wrong: it is character. - Albert Einstein
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it's built for. - Albert Einstein
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. - Albert Einstein
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. - Albert Einstein
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions. - Albert Einstein
If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. - Albert Einstein
The monotony and solitude of a quiet life stimulates the creative mind. - Albert Einstein
A happy man is too satisfied with the present to dwell too much on the future. - Albert Einstein
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. - Albert Einstein
Anger dwells only in the bosom of fools. - Albert Einstein
Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
He who can no longer pause to wonder and stand rapt in awe, is as good as dead; his eyes are closed. - Albert Einstein
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible. - Albert Einstein
The value of a man should be seen in what he gives and not in what he is able to receive. - Albert Einstein
The whole of science is nothing more than a refinement of everyday thinking. - Albert Einstein
Truth is what stands the test of experience. - Albert Einstein
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. - Albert Einstein
Without deep reflection one knows from daily life that one exists for other people. - Albert Einstein
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. - Albert Einstein
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. - Albert Einstein
When you trip over love, it is easy to get up. But when you fall in love, it is impossible to stand again. - Albert Einstein
It is only to the individual that a soul is given. - Albert Einstein
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. - Albert Einstein
A question that sometimes drives me hazy: am I or are the others crazy? - Albert Einstein
Everything is determined, the beginning as well as the end, by forces over which we have no control. - Albert Einstein
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. - Albert Einstein
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein
The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it. - Albert Einstein
A table, a chair, a bowl of fruit and a violin; what else does a man need to be happy? - Albert Einstein
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education. - Albert Einstein
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein
All that is valuable in human society depends upon the opportunity for development accorded the individual. - Albert Einstein
Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. Imagination encircles the world. - Albert Einstein
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. - Albert Einstein
I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity. - Albert Einstein
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be. - Albert Einstein
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
I think and think for months and years. Ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. - Albert Einstein
If A is a success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. - Albert Einstein
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? - Albert Einstein
If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor. - Albert Einstein
If my theory of relativity is proven successful, Germany will claim me as a German and France will declare me a citizen of the world. - Albert Einstein
If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things. - Albert Einstein
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler. - Albert Einstein
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
Compound interest is the eighth wonder of the world. He who understands it, earns it; he who doesn't, pays it. - Albert Einstein
Concern for man and his fate must always form the chief interest of all technical endeavors. Never forget this in the midst of your diagrams and equations. - Albert Einstein
Confusion of goals and perfection of means seems, in my opinion, to characterize our age. - Albert Einstein
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater. - Albert Einstein
Everyone should be respected as an individual, but no one idolized. - Albert Einstein
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. - Albert Einstein
Force always attracts men of low morality. - Albert Einstein
God always takes the simplest way. - Albert Einstein
God does not play dice with the universe. - Albert Einstein
God is subtle but he is not malicious. - Albert Einstein
Heroism on command, senseless violence, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism - how passionately I hate them! - Albert Einstein
Human beings must have action; and they will make it if they cannot find it. - Albert Einstein
I do not believe in immortality of the individual, and I consider ethics to be an exclusively human concern with no superhuman authority behind it. - Albert Einstein
I do not believe that civilization will be wiped out in a war fought with the atomic bomb. Perhaps two-thirds of the people of the earth will be killed. - Albert Einstein
I never worry about the future. It comes soon enough. - Albert Einstein
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death. - Albert Einstein
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe. - Albert Einstein
It is strange to be known so universally and yet to be so lonely. - Albert Einstein
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. - Albert Einstein
Love is a better teacher than duty. - Albert Einstein
Memory is deceptive because it is colored by today's events. - Albert Einstein
Morality is of the highest importance - but for us, not for God. - Albert Einstein
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive. - Albert Einstein
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind. - Albert Einstein
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it. - Albert Einstein
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. - Albert Einstein
No problem can be solved from the same level of consciousness that created it. - Albert Einstein
Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein
Nothing is more destructive of respect for the government and the law of the land than passing laws which cannot be enforced. - Albert Einstein
One strength of the communist system of the East is that it has some of the character of a religion and inspires the emotions of a religion. - Albert Einstein
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty. - Albert Einstein
Politics is for the present, but an equation is for eternity. - Albert Einstein
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it. - Albert Einstein
Science is not only a disciple of reason but, also, one of romance and passion. - Albert Einstein
Solitude is painful when one is young, but delightful when one is more mature. - Albert Einstein
Sometimes one pays most for the things one gets for nothing. - Albert Einstein
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value. - Albert Einstein
The distinction between the past, present and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. - Albert Einstein
The environment is everything that isn't me. - Albert Einstein
The faster you go, the shorter you are. - Albert Einstein
The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead. - Albert Einstein
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge. - Albert Einstein
The hardest thing to understand in the world is the income tax. - Albert Einstein
The high destiny of the individual is to serve rather than to rule. - Albert Einstein
The ideals which have always shone before me and filled me with joy are goodness, beauty, and truth. - Albert Einstein
The man of science is a poor philosopher. - Albert Einstein
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science. - Albert Einstein
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is comprehensible. - Albert Einstein
The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. - Albert Einstein
The only real valuable thing is intuition. - Albert Einstein
The process of scientific discovery is, in effect, a continual flight from wonder. - Albert Einstein
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives. - Albert Einstein
The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem. It has merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing oneCode is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad. - Cory House
First, solve the problem. Then, write the code. - John Johnson
The best error message is the one that never shows up. - Thomas Fuchs
Clean code always looks like it was written by someone who cares. - Robert C. Martin
Make it work, make it right, make it fast. - Kent Beck
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out. - Chris Pine
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it. - Dennis Ritchie
Simplicity is the soul of efficiency. - Austin Freeman
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. - Martin Fowler
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes. - Oscar Wilde
Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute. - Harold Abelson
Code never lies, comments sometimes do. - Ron Jeffries
Truth can only be found in one place: the code. - Robert C. Martin
If debugging is the process of removing bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in. - Edsger Dijkstra
The most important property of a program is whether it accomplishes the intention of its user. - C.A.R. Hoare
Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking. - Rich Hickey
Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. - Linus Torvalds
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming. - Brian Kernighan
The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple. - Grady Booch
Code is read much more often than it is written. - Guido van Rossum
The best way to predict the future is to implement it. - David Heinemeier Hansson
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it. - Patrick McKenzie
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
Don't worry if it doesn't work right. If everything did, you'd be out of a job. - Mosher's Law
In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve. - Paul Graham
Programming is the art of telling another human what one wants the computer to do. - Donald Knuth
The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it. - Pamela Zave
Software is a great combination between artistry and engineering. - Bill Gates
The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state. - John Ousterhout
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. - Bill Gates
Learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better. - Bill Gates
Programs are meant to be read by humans and only incidentally for computers to execute. - Donald Knuth
Programming is learned by writing programs. - Brian Kernighan
You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. - John Romero
The most disastrous thing that you can ever learn is your first programming language. - Alan Kay
The real problem is that programmers have spent far too much time worrying about efficiency in the wrong places. - Donald Knuth
Everybody should learn to program a computer, because it teaches you how to think. - Steve Jobs
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. - John Woods
Don't comment bad code—rewrite it. - Brian Kernighan
Deleted code is debugged code. - Jeff Sickel
Duplication is far cheaper than the wrong abstraction. - Sandi Metz
Optimism is an occupational hazard of programming: feedback is the treatment. - Kent Beck
Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable. - Ralph Johnson
The best code is no code at all. - Jeff Atwood
One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code. - Ken Thompson
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward Berard
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. - Brian Kernighan
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements. - Brian Kernighan
It's not a bug – it's an undocumented feature. - Anonymous
Testing leads to failure, and failure leads to understanding. - Burt Rutan
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. - Donald Knuth
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. - Steve Jobs
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. - Edsger Dijkstra
There are two ways of constructing a software design: make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, or make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. - C.A.R. Hoare
Good design adds value faster than it adds cost. - Thomas C. Gale
A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one-way street. - Doug Linder
If you think good architecture is expensive, try bad architecture. - Brian Foote
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. - Steve Jobs
It's not about ideas. It's about making ideas happen. - Scott Belsky
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
What we think, we become. - Buddha
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. - Linus Torvalds
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. - Dan Salomon
Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but rather when there is nothing more to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
There are only two kinds of languages: the ones people complain about and the ones nobody uses. - Bjarne Stroustrup
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. - Linus Torvalds
Always implement things when you actually need them, never when you just foresee that you need them. - Ron Jeffries
The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit. - Anonymous
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file. - Louis Srygley
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning. - Rick Cook
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it's too late. - Seymour Cray
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers. - Larry Niven
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. - Larry Wall
No one in the brief history of computing has ever written a piece of perfect software. It's unlikely that you'll be the first. - Andy Hunt
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing. - Alan Perlis
The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build. - Bjarne Stroustrup
If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy. - Donald Knuth
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components are those that aren't there. - Gordon Bell
One man's crappy software is another man's full-time job. - Jessica Gaston
In software, we rarely have meaningful requirements. Even if we do, the only measure of success that matters is whether our solution solves the customer's shifting idea of what their problem is. - Jeff Atwood
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they're not. - Yogurt
It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free. - Steve McConnell
If carpenters made buildings the way programmers make programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization. - Weinberg's Second Law
Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law. - Douglas Hofstadter
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use regular expressions.' Now they have two problems. - Jamie Zawinski
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works. - Alan J. Perlis
You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. - Jim McCarthy
Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined. - Kreitzberg and Shneiderman
Copy-and-paste was programmed by programmers for programmers actually. - Jeff Atwood
It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time. - Andrew Hunt
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration. - Stan Kelly-Bootle
Python's a drop-in replacement for BASIC in the sense that Optimus Prime is a drop-in replacement for a truck. - Cory Dodt
Telling a programmer there's already a library to do X is like telling a songwriter there's already a song about love. - Pete Cordell
The biggest issue on software teams is making sure everyone understands what everyone else is doing. - Martin Fowler
If you don't handle errors, you get to write a whole lot less code. Because your program stops executing. - Raymond Chen
Documentation is a love letter that you write to your future self. - Damian Conway
The problem with object-oriented languages is they've got all this implicit environment that they carry around with them. - Joe Armstrong
It's better to wait for a productive programmer to become available than it is to wait for the first available programmer to become productive. - Steve McConnell
Give someone a program, you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, you frustrate them for a lifetime. - David Leinweber
I think Microsoft named .NET so it wouldn't show up in a Unix directory listing. - Oktal
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. - Eric S. Raymond
Programming is like sex. One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. - Michael Sinz
If Java had true garbage collection, most programs would delete themselves upon execution. - Robert Sewell
Software and cathedrals are much the same – first we build them, then we pray. - Sam Redwine
Code is like poetry; most of it shouldn't have been written. - Anonymous
Ready, fire, aim: the fast approach to software development. Ready, aim, aim, aim, aim: the slow approach to software development. - Anonymous
The best method for accelerating a computer is the one that boosts it by 9.8 m/s2. - Anonymous
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance. - Robert R. Coveyou
ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI. - Anonymous
Typing speed has little to do with programming speed. - Jeff Atwood
A primary cause of complexity is that software vendors uncritically adopt almost any feature that users want. - Niklaus Wirth
There is no programming language–no matter how structured–that will prevent programmers from making bad programs. - Larry Flon
Commenting your code is like cleaning your bathroom. You never want to do it, but it really does create a more pleasant experience for you and your guests. - Ryan Campbell
The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take. - Roy Carlson
Software being Done is like lawn being Mowed. - Jim Benson
Programming is 10% science, 20% ingenuity, and 70% getting the ingenuity to work with the science. - Anonymous
Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. - Larry Wall
Sometimes the problem is to discover what the problem is. - Gordon Glegg
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. - L. Peter Deutsch
The attention span of a computer is only as long as its power cord. - Anonymous
Code as if the next person to maintain your code is a homicidal maniac who knows where you live. - Damian Conway
The question of whether computers can think is like the question of whether submarines can swim. - Edsger W. Dijkstra
You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself. - Ken Thompson
When someone says: I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done, give him a lollipop. - Alan J. Perlis
Programming is breaking one big impossible task into several small possible tasks. - Jazzwant
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. - Bill Bryson
Weeks of coding can save you hours of planning. - Anonymous
Don't write better error messages, write code that doesn't need them. - Jason C. McDonald
Good code is its own best documentation. - Steve McConnell
The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time. - Tom Cargill
In God we trust. All others must bring data. - W. Edwards Deming
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it. - Albert Einstein
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. - John D. Rockefeller
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. - William James
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it. - Henry David Thoreau
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart. - Roy T. Bennett
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny. - C.S. Lewis
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent Van Gogh
Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. - Eagleson's Law
Software undergoes beta testing shortly before it's released. Beta is Latin for still doesn't work. - Anonymous
The cost of adding a feature isn't just the time it takes to code it. The cost also includes the addition of an obstacle to future expansion. - John Carmack
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci
Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative. - Woody Allen
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it. - Anonymous
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. - Zig Ziglar
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra. - Jimmy Johnson
Small progress is still progress. - Anonymous
Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin. - Tony Robbins
Dream big and dare to fail. - Norman Vaughan
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear. - George Addair
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it. - Anonymous
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you. - Anonymous
Great things never come from comfort zones. - Anonymous
Dream it. Wish it. Do it. - Anonymous
Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it. - Anonymous
The harder you work for something, the better you'll feel when you achieve it. - Anonymous
Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done. - Anonymous
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction. - Anonymous
Do something today that your future self will thank you for. - Anonymous
Little things make big days. - Anonymous
It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible. - Anonymous
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it. - Anonymous
Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths. - Anonymous
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles. - Anonymous
Dream it. Believe it. Build it. - Anonymous
Software is a gas; it expands to fill its container. - Nathan Myhrvold
The bearing of a child takes nine months, no matter how many women are assigned. - Fred Brooks
There are only two hard things in Computer Science: cache invalidation and naming things. - Phil Karlton
Perl is the only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. - Keith Bostic
It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. - Nathaniel Borenstein
Every program attempts to expand until it can read mail. - Jamie Zawinski
Premature optimization is the root of all evil. - Donald Knuth
An evolving system increases its complexity unless work is done to reduce it. - Meir Lehman
Fancy algorithms are slow when n is small, and n is usually small. - Rob Pike
Data dominates. If you've chosen the right data structures and organized things well, the algorithms will almost always be self-evident. - Rob Pike
When in doubt, use brute force. - Ken Thompson
The key to performance is elegance, not battalions of special cases. - Jon Bentley
A program that produces incorrect results twice as fast is infinitely slower. - John Ousterhout
It's better to have a program that works and is slow than a program that is fast and doesn't work. - Anonymous
Fast code is good code. - Jeff Atwood
Hardware eventually fails. Software eventually works. - Michael Hartung
The function of good software is to make the complex appear simple. - Grady Booch
Software is like entropy: It is difficult to grasp, weighs nothing, and obeys the Second Law of Thermodynamics. - Norman Augustine
Software is a great combination of artistry and engineering. - Bill Gates
To me programming is more than an important practical art. It is also a gigantic undertaking in the foundations of knowledge. - Grace Hopper
Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind. - Donald Knuth
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong. - Norm Schryer
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence. - Jeremy S. Anderson
The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process. It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information. - Alan Perlis
Computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is. - Larry Wall
A program is never less than 90% complete, and never more than 95% complete. - Terry Baker
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history. - Mitch Ratcliffe
Programmers are not to be measured by their ingenuity and their logic but by the completeness of their case analysis. - Alan Perlis
Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for. Complex is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for. - Chris Sacca
Programs are meant to be read by humans and only incidentally for computers to execute. - H. Abelson
Nine people can't make a baby in a month. - Fred Brooks
When debugging, novices insert corrective code; experts remove defective code. - Richard Pattis
Everyone knows that debugging is twice as hard as writing a program in the first place. So if you're as clever as you can be when you write it, how will you ever debug it? - Brian Kernighan
You can't go to the moon by climbing successively taller trees. - John R. Boyd
Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction—from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to a single instruction that doesn't work. - Anonymous
One of the best programming skills you can have is knowing when to walk away for a while. - Oscar Godson
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise. - Edsger Dijkstra
The most dangerous phrase in the language is, We've always done it this way. - Grace Hopper
The art of programming is the art of organizing complexity. - Edsger Dijkstra
The computing scientist's main challenge is not to get confused by the complexities of his own making. - Edsger Dijkstra
Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from your friend's forehead. - Chinese Proverb
Errors using inadequate data are much less than those using no data at all. - Charles Babbage
Correctness is clearly the prime quality. If a system does not do what it is supposed to do, then everything else about it matters little. - Bertrand Meyer
If it doesn't work, it doesn't matter how fast it doesn't work. - Mich Ravera
Whenever possible, steal code. - Tom Duff
The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. - Anonymous
I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone; my wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone. - Bjarne Stroustrup
The primary duty of an exception handler is to get the error out of the lap of the programmer and into the face of the user. - Anonymous
We can solve any problem by introducing an extra level of indirection. - Butler Lampson
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. - Albert Einstein
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better. - Edsger Dijkstra
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourself in code. - Robert C. Martin
No code is faster than no code. - Unknown
Before I came here I was confused about this subject. Having listened to your lecture I am still confused. But on a higher level. - Enrico Fermi
The real art of programming is designing a sequence of instructions that is free of bugs. - Anonymous
Without solid interfaces, programs will not scale. - Anonymous
I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits. - Kent Beck
The code you write is a love letter to the next developer who will maintain it. - Addy Osmani
Patterns mean I don't have to think; they are ready-made solutions. - Anonymous
If your code needs comments, you should refactor it so it doesn't. - Robert C. Martin
Leave the code cleaner than you found it. - Robert C. Martin
First make it work. Then make it right. Then make it fast. - Anonymous
The ratio of time spent reading versus writing is well over 10 to 1. We are constantly reading old code as part of the effort to write new code. - Robert C. Martin
Refactoring is a controlled technique for improving the design of an existing code base. - Martin Fowler
Tests are the programmer's stone, transmuting fear into boredom. - Kent Beck
Duplication may be the root of all evil in software. - Robert C. Martin
A long descriptive name is better than a short enigmatic name. - Robert C. Martin
The proper use of comments is to compensate for our failure to express ourselves in code. - Robert C. Martin
A function should do one thing. It should do it well. It should do it only. - Robert C. Martin
Software entities should be open for extension, but closed for modification. - Bertrand Meyer
You should be able to look at the source code and see what it does. - Martin Fowler
When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superfluous. - Martin Fowler
Functions should either do something or answer something, but not both. - Robert C. Martin
The first rule of functions is that they should be small. The second rule of functions is that they should be smaller than that. - Robert C. Martin
Your class should have only one reason to change. - Robert C. Martin
We want our code to be self-documenting. - Robert C. Martin
It's not enough for code to work. Code has to be clean. - Robert C. Martin
Code without tests is bad code. It doesn't matter how well written it is. - Michael Feathers
Tests are the best documentation. - Anonymous
Write tests until fear is transformed into boredom. - Kent Beck
Keep it simple, stupid. - Kelly Johnson
You aren't gonna need it. - Ron Jeffries
Don't repeat yourself. - Andy Hunt
Fail fast. - Jim Shore
Convention over configuration. - David Heinemeier Hansson
Separation of concerns. - Edsger Dijkstra
Code for the maintainer. - Anonymous
Avoid premature optimization. - Donald Knuth
Occam's Razor: Entities should not be multiplied unnecessarily. - William of Ockham
Boy Scout Rule: Leave the code better than you found it. - Robert C. Martin
Principle of least astonishment. - Anonymous
Single responsibility principle. - Robert C. Martin
Open/closed principle. - Bertrand Meyer
Liskov substitution principle. - Barbara Liskov
Interface segregation principle. - Robert C. Martin
Dependency inversion principle. - Robert C. Martin
There's no place like 127.0.0.1. - Anonymous
I would love to change the world, but they won't give me the source code. - Anonymous
Algorithm: A word used by programmers when they don't want to explain what they did. - Anonymous
A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and asks, 'Can I join you?' - Anonymous
Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life. - Michael Sinz
To understand what recursion is, you must first understand recursion. - Anonymous
Why do programmers prefer dark mode? Because light attracts bugs. - Anonymous
What's the object-oriented way to become wealthy? Inheritance. - Anonymous
How many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem. - Anonymous
A programmer's wife tells him: Go to the store and pick up a loaf of bread. If they have eggs, get a dozen. The programmer comes home with 12 loaves of bread. - Anonymous
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't. - Anonymous
!false, it's funny because it's true. - Anonymous
Programming is 90% thinking and 10% typing. - Anonymous
The best thing about programming is that there's always something new to learn. - Anonymous
Coding is poetry with logic. - Anonymous
A good developer never stops learning. - Anonymous
The only difference between a good day and a bad day is your attitude. - Dennis S. Brown
I'm not lazy, I'm on energy-saving mode. - Anonymous
There is no place like 127.0.0.1. - Anonymous
Home is where the WiFi connects automatically. - Anonymous
My code doesn't work, I have no idea why. My code works, I have no idea why. - Anonymous
Programmer: A machine that turns coffee into code. - Anonymous
Programming is thinking, not typing. - Anonymous
Code is written once but read many times. - Anonymous
The best debugger is a good night's sleep. - Anonymous
Coding without StackOverflow is like breathing without air. - Anonymous
I don't always test my code, but when I do, I do it in production. - Anonymous
It works on my machine. - Anonymous
There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. - Bjarne Stroustrup
When I wrote this code, only God and I understood what I did. Now only God knows. - Anonymous
Copy-paste is not a design pattern. - Anonymous
A user interface is like a joke. If you have to explain it, it's not that good. - Anonymous
Real developers ship. - Anonymous
Move fast and break things. - Mark Zuckerberg
Done is better than perfect. - Sheryl Sandberg
If you're not embarrassed by the first version of your product, you've launched too late. - Reid Hoffman
Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. - Guy Kawasaki
The details are not the details. They make the design. - Charles Eames
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
Excellence is not a skill. It's an attitude. - Ralph Marston
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. - Steve Jobs
Innovation is taking two things that exist and putting them together in a new way. - Tom Freston
Technology is best when it brings people together. - Matt Mullenweg
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. - Arthur C. Clarke
The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it. - Bill Gates
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people. - Steve Jobs
We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works. - Douglas Adams
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers. - Sydney J. Harris
The machine does not isolate man from the great problems of nature but plunges him more deeply into them. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
Technology is a useful servant but a dangerous master. - Christian Lous Lange
Programming isn't about what you know; it's about making the command line furiously agree with you. - Anonymous
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing. - Emo Philips
Computers are incredibly fast, accurate, and stupid. Humans are incredibly slow, inaccurate, and brilliant. Together they are powerful beyond imagination. - Albert Einstein
To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer. - Paul R. Ehrlich
Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all. - John F. Kennedy
The computer was born to solve problems that did not exist before. - Bill Gates
If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner. - Omar Bradley
Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable. - Joseph Wood Krutch
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters and we thought it was a typewriter. - Douglas Adams
Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response. - Arthur Schlesinger
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important. - Bill Gates
The Internet is becoming the town square for the global village of tomorrow. - Bill Gates
The Web as I envisaged it, we have not seen it yet. The future is still so much bigger than the past. - Tim Berners-Lee
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. - Bill Gates
The Internet is the first thing that humanity has built that humanity doesn't understand. - Eric Schmidt
Software is eating the world. - Marc Andreessen
The best way to predict the future is to invent it. - Alan Kay
Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once. - Drew Houston
Build something 100 people love, not something 1 million people kind of like. - Brian Chesky
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. - Bill Gates
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. - Bill Gates
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. - Bill Gates
I choose a lazy person to do a hard job. Because a lazy person will find an easy way to do it. - Bill Gates
Patience is a key element of success. - Bill Gates
Don't compare yourself with anyone in this world. If you do so, you are insulting yourself. - Bill Gates
Power comes not from knowledge kept but from knowledge shared. - Bill Gates
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. - Bill Gates
Life is not fair; get used to it. - Bill Gates
We all need people who will give us feedback. That's how we improve. - Bill Gates
To win big, you sometimes have to take big risks. - Bill Gates
Be nice to nerds. Chances are you'll end up working for one. - Charles J. Sykes
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that's changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. - Mark Zuckerberg
Ideas don't come out fully formed. They only become clear as you work on them. - Mark Zuckerberg
Move fast with stable infra. - Mark Zuckerberg
The question I ask myself like almost every day is, Am I doing the most important thing I could be doing? - Mark Zuckerberg
People don't care about what you say, they care about what you build. - Mark Zuckerberg
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. - Mark Zuckerberg
Nothing influences people more than a recommendation from a trusted friend. - Mark Zuckerberg
By giving people the power to share, we're making the world more transparent. - Mark Zuckerberg
I think a simple rule of business is, if you do the things that are easier first, then you can actually make a lot of progress. - Mark Zuckerberg
I'm here to build something for the long-term. Anything else is a distraction. - Mark Zuckerberg
The only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. - Mark Zuckerberg
Find that thing you are super passionate about. - Mark Zuckerberg
Ideas are easy. Implementation is hard. - Elon Musk
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor. - Elon Musk
I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better. - Elon Musk
Failure is an option here. If things are not failing, you are not innovating enough. - Elon Musk
People work better when they know what the goal is and why. - Elon Musk
Some people don't like change, but you need to embrace change if the alternative is disaster. - Elon Musk
Persistence is very important. You should not give up unless you are forced to give up. - Elon Musk
I could either watch it happen or be a part of it. - Elon Musk
If you get up in the morning and think the future is going to be better, it is a bright day. - Elon Musk
Life is too short for long-term grudges. - Elon Musk
It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket. - Elon Musk
Take risks now and do something bold. You won't regret it. - Elon Musk
Really pay attention to negative feedback and solicit it, particularly from friends. - Elon Musk
If something is important enough you should try, even if the probable outcome is failure. - Elon Musk
Starting a business is not for everyone. Generally speaking, it's a bad idea. - Elon Musk
I think it is possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary. - Elon Musk
You want to be extra rigorous about making the best possible thing you can. - Elon Musk
Great companies are built on great products. - Elon Musk
Brand is just a perception, and perception will match reality over time. - Elon Musk
Any product that needs a manual to work is broken. - Elon Musk
Work like hell. I mean you just have to put in 80 to 100 hour weeks every week. - Elon Musk
Don't be afraid to think big. - Larry Page
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning. - Larry Page
Always deliver more than expected. - Larry Page
You never lose a dream, it just incubates as a hobby. - Larry Page
Lots of companies don't succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future. - Larry Page
Especially in technology, we need revolutionary change, not incremental change. - Larry Page
If you're not doing some things that are crazy, then you're doing the wrong things. - Larry Page
Have a healthy disregard for the impossible. - Larry Page
As we go forward, I hope we're going to continue to use technology to make really big differences in how people live and work. - Sergey Brin
Obviously everyone wants to be successful, but I want to be looked back on as being very innovative, very trusted and ethical. - Sergey Brin
Solving big problems is easier than solving little problems. - Sergey Brin
Too few people in computer science are aware of some of the informational challenges in biology. - Sergey Brin
I feel there's an existential angst among young people. I didn't have that. They see enormous mountains, where I only saw one little hill to climb. - Sergey Brin
You always hear the phrase, money doesn't buy you happiness. But I always in the back of my mind figured a lot of money will buy you a little bit of happiness. - Sergey Brin
Any conversation I have about innovation starts with the ultimate goal. - Sergey Brin
Our industry does not respect tradition – it only respects innovation. - Satya Nadella
Be passionate and bold. Always keep learning. You stop doing useful things if you don't learn. - Satya Nadella
Thelearn-it-all does better than the know-it-all. - Satya Nadella
Every company is now a software company. - Satya Nadella
Success can cause people to unlearn the habits that made them successful in the first place. - Satya Nadella
Longevity in this industry is about being able to reinvent yourself or invent the future. - Satya Nadella
We must ensure not only that everyone receives equal pay for equal work, but that they have the opportunity to do equal work. - Satya Nadella
Our industry does not respect tradition, it only respects innovation. - Satya Nadella
Empathy makes you a better innovator. - Satya Nadella
Don't be in such a rush to figure everything out. Embrace the unknown. - Satya Nadella
In the long run, AI will be the most profound transformation we'll see in our lifetimes. - Sundar Pichai
It is important to follow your dreams and heart. - Sundar Pichai
Wear your failure as a badge of honor. - Sundar Pichai
As a leader, it is important to not just see your own success, but focus on the success of others. - Sundar Pichai
It's important not to overstate the benefits of ideas. Quite frankly, I know it's kind of a romantic notion that you're just going to have this one brilliant idea. - Sundar Pichai
The Web is going to become a much more social environment. - Sundar Pichai
I think it's important for people to understand that at a certain point, there is a diminishing return. - Sundar Pichai
Lots of companies don't succeed over time. What do they fundamentally do wrong? They usually miss the future. - Sundar Pichai
I have a secret project at Google of going back and going through all the emails I've sent since I've been here. I'm organizing and printing them for my kids. - Sundar Pichai
In order to run a great business, you must have great attention to detail. - Sundar Pichai
Stay focused and stay determined. Don't look at the competition. - Jack Ma
If you don't give up, you still have a chance. - Jack Ma
Never give up. Today is hard, tomorrow will be worse, but the day after tomorrow will be sunshine. - Jack Ma
Customers first, employees second, and shareholders third. - Jack Ma
Your attitude is more important than your capabilities. Similarly, your decision is more important than your capabilities. - Jack Ma
Opportunity lies in the place where the complaints are. - Jack Ma
It doesn't matter if I failed. At least I passed the concept on to others. - Jack Ma
If you want to be successful, learn from other people's mistakes, not their success. - Jack Ma
We are never in lack of money. We lack people with dreams, who can die for those dreams. - Jack Ma
A real businessman or entrepreneur has no enemies. Once he understands this, the sky's the limit. - Jack Ma
I don't want to be liked. I want to be respected. - Jack Ma
Instead of learning from other people's success, learn from their mistakes. - Jack Ma
Forget about your competitors, just focus on your customers. - Jack Ma
You should learn from your competitor, but never copy. - Jack Ma
Intelligent people need a fool to lead them. - Jack Ma
If you view everyone as your enemy, everyone will be your enemy. - Jack Ma
No matter how tough the chase is, you should always have the dream you saw on the first day. - Jack Ma
When selling to close friends and family, no matter what the relationship, you have to make them aware of your expectations. - Jack Ma
A leader should have higher endurance and ability to accept and embrace failure. - Jack Ma
I call investing in yourself the best investment you can make. - Warren Buffett
The best thing I did was choose the right heroes. - Warren Buffett
Risk comes from not knowing what you're doing. - Warren Buffett
Price is what you pay. Value is what you get. - Warren Buffett
It's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price. - Warren Buffett
The stock market is designed to transfer money from the active to the patient. - Warren Buffett
Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. - Warren Buffett
Never invest in a business you cannot understand. - Warren Buffett
In the world of business, the people who are most successful are those who are doing what they love. - Warren Buffett
The most important investment you can make is in yourself. - Warren Buffett
If you're in the luckiest 1% of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99%. - Warren Buffett
Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken. - Warren Buffett
Time is the friend of the wonderful company, the enemy of the mediocre. - Warren Buffett
Be fearful when others are greedy and greedy when others are fearful. - Warren Buffett
The difference between successful people and really successful people is that really successful people say no to almost everything. - Warren Buffett
If you aren't willing to own a stock for ten years, don't even think about owning it for ten minutes. - Warren Buffett
I insist on a lot of time being spent, almost every day, to just sit and think. - Warren Buffett
Honesty is a very expensive gift. Don't expect it from cheap people. - Warren Buffett
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
Either write something worth reading or do something worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin
Well done is better than well said. - Benjamin Franklin
Never confuse motion with action. - Benjamin Franklin
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. - Benjamin Franklin
Energy and persistence conquer all things. - Benjamin Franklin
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail. - Benjamin Franklin
You may delay, but time will not. - Benjamin Franklin
Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Lost time is never found again. - Benjamin Franklin
Do not fear mistakes. You will know failure. Continue to reach out. - Benjamin Franklin
Whatever is begun in anger, ends in shame. - Benjamin Franklin
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Never leave that till tomorrow which you can do today. - Benjamin Franklin
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. - Lao Tzu
He who knows others is wise; he who knows himself is enlightened. - Lao Tzu
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. - Lao Tzu
A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving. - Lao Tzu
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. - Lao Tzu
To the mind that is still, the whole universe surrenders. - Lao Tzu
Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. - Lao Tzu
Health is the greatest possession. Contentment is the greatest treasure. - Lao Tzu
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. - Lao Tzu
The wise man is one who knows what he does not know. - Lao Tzu
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. - Lao Tzu
A leader is best when people barely know he exists. - Lao Tzu
If you are depressed you are living in the past. If you are anxious you are living in the future. If you are at peace you are living in the present. - Lao Tzu
Watch your thoughts, they become your words; watch your words, they become your actions. - Lao Tzu
New beginnings are often disguised as painful endings. - Lao Tzu
Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner. - Lao Tzu
The flame that burns twice as bright burns half as long. - Lao Tzu
The obstacle is the path. - Zen Proverb
Let go or be dragged. - Zen Proverb
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. - Buddhist Proverb
You only lose what you cling to. - Buddha
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
The mind is everything. What you think you become. - Buddha
Peace comes from within. Do not seek it without. - Buddha
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. - Buddha
You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection. - Buddha
In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you. - Buddha
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. - Buddha
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. - Buddha
If you light a lamp for someone else, it will also brighten your path. - Buddha
Every morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. - Buddha
If you propose to speak always ask yourself, is it true, is it necessary, is it kind. - Buddha
The trouble is, you think you have time. - Buddha
When you realize how perfect everything is, you will tilt your head back and laugh at the sky. - Buddha
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world. - Buddha
Set your heart on doing good. Do it over and over again and you will be filled with joy. - Buddha
The root of suffering is attachment. - Buddha
Give, even if you only have a little. - Buddha
Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace. - Buddha
You are what you believe yourself to be. - Paulo Coelho
When you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it. - Paulo Coelho
Everything tells me that I am about to make a wrong decision, but making mistakes is just part of life. - Paulo Coelho
There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure. - Paulo Coelho
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times. - Paulo Coelho
When we least expect it, life sets us a challenge to test our courage and willingness to change. - Paulo Coelho
Don't waste your time with explanations: people only hear what they want to hear. - Paulo Coelho
If you start by promising what you don't even have yet, you'll lose your desire to work towards getting it. - Paulo Coelho
People are capable, at any time in their lives, of doing what they dream of. - Paulo Coelho
One day you will wake up and there won't be any more time to do the things you've always wanted. - Paulo Coelho
If you think adventure is dangerous, try routine; it is lethal. - Paulo Coelho
You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it. - Paulo Coelho
Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience. - Paulo Coelho
Life was always a matter of waiting for the right moment to act. - Paulo Coelho
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things. - Paulo Coelho
Intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of life. - Paulo Coelho
Don't allow your mind to tell your heart what to do. - Paulo Coelho
Remember your dreams and fight for them. - Paulo Coelho
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning. - Paulo Coelho
What is a teacher? I'll tell you: it isn't someone who teaches something, but someone who inspires the student to give of her best. - Paulo Coelho
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. - C.S. Lewis
We are what we believe we are. - C.S. Lewis
You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me. - C.S. Lewis
There are far, far better things ahead than any we leave behind. - C.S. Lewis
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again. - C.S. Lewis
Don't let your happiness depend on something you may lose. - C.S. Lewis
I can't imagine a man really enjoying a book and reading it only once. - C.S. Lewis
We read to know we're not alone. - C.S. Lewis
A man who is eating or lying with his wife or preparing to go to sleep in humility, thankfulness and temperance, is, by Christian standards, in an infinitely higher state than one who is listening to Bach or reading Plato in a state of pride. - C.S. Lewis
True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less. - C.S. Lewis
You can make anything by writing. - C.S. Lewis
Getting over a painful experience is much like crossing monkey bars. You have to let go at some point in order to move forward. - C.S. Lewis
Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point. - C.S. Lewis
Integrity is doing the right thing, even when no one is watching. - C.S. Lewis
Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back, everything is different. - C.S. Lewis
The task of the modern educator is not to cut down jungles, but to irrigate deserts. - C.S. Lewis
Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. - C.S. Lewis
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original. - C.S. Lewis
Education without values, as useful as it is, seems rather to make man a more clever devil. - C.S. Lewis
It may be hard for an egg to turn into a bird: it would be a jolly sight harder for it to learn to fly while remaining an egg. - C.S. Lewis
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive. - John Green
You can love someone so much, but you can never love people as much as you can miss them. - John Green
That's the thing about pain, it demands to be felt. - John Green
Sometimes you lose a battle. But mischief always wins the war. - John Green
What is the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable? - John Green
We don't get to choose if we get hurt in this world, but we do have a say in who hurts us. - John Green
The marks humans leave are too often scars. - John Green
You never get used to it, the idea of someone being gone. - John Green
It is so hard to leave—until you leave. And then it is the easiest thing in the world. - John Green
I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. - John Green
Without pain, how could we know joy? - John Green
Books are the ultimate Dumpees: put them down and they'll wait for you forever. - John Green
The only way out is through. - Robert Frost
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference. - Robert Frost
The best way out is always through. - Robert Frost
A poem begins with a lump in the throat. - Robert Frost
We dance round in a ring and suppose, but the Secret sits in the middle and knows. - Robert Frost
Don't ever take a fence down until you know why it was put up. - Robert Frost
Freedom lies in being bold. - Robert Frost
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. - Robert Frost
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it. - Robert Frost
The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning and does not stop until you get into the office. - Robert Frost
I am not a teacher, but an awakener. - Robert Frost
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. - Robert Frost
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. - Robert Frost
I'd just as soon play tennis with the net down. - Robert Frost
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in. - Robert Frost
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep. - Robert Frost
I hold it to be the inalienable right of anybody to go to hell in his own way. - Robert Frost
Education is the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or your self-confidence. - Robert Frost
A successful lawsuit is the one worn by a policeman. - Robert Frost
